Add note that Spring support is unavailable in 8.6+ (#4764)
camunda/camunda-docs: docs/components/best-practices/development/testing-process-definitions.md

### Technical setup using Spring

:::caution

> Spring support with Zeebe Process Test uses the community-supported Spring Zeebe SDK.
> Spring support is not available for Camunda 8.6+.

Reviewer: :wrench: We could add more details. 

```suggestion
Spring support with Zeebe Process Test uses the community-maintained project Spring Zeebe.
The new Camunda Spring SDK (Camunda 8.6+) is not supported. You could still use the testing library but without hooking into the Spring lifecycle.
```

Author: This is good clarity, thank you @saig0!
